These are the SQL solutions for the Netflix Dataset KPI's



# Netflix Dataset Analysis Queries

```sql
-- 1. How many unique types are there in the dataset?
SELECT DISTINCT type AS num_unique_types FROM netflix1;

-- 2. What is the total count of movies and TV shows?
SELECT COUNT(title), type FROM netflix1 GROUP BY type;

-- 3. How many movies and TV shows are directed by each director?
SELECT COUNT(title) AS no_of_directed, type, director 
FROM netflix1
GROUP BY type, director
ORDER BY COUNT(title) DESC;

-- 4. Which country has the highest number of movie releases?
SELECT COUNT(title) AS no_of_releases, country 
FROM netflix1
WHERE type="Movie"
GROUP BY country
ORDER BY COUNT(title) DESC
LIMIT 1;

-- 5. How many distinct ratings are there in the dataset?
SELECT DISTINCT rating FROM netflix1;

-- 6. What is the average duration of movies in the dataset?
SELECT AVG(duration) AS average_duration, type 
FROM netflix1
WHERE type="Movie"
GROUP BY type;

-- 7. How many different kinds of genres are there in each country in the dataset?
SELECT COUNT(DISTINCT listed_in) AS no_of_genres, country 
FROM netflix1
GROUP BY country
ORDER BY COUNT(listed_in) DESC;

-- 8. List of movies released in the year 2021
SELECT title, type, release_year 
FROM netflix1
WHERE type="Movie" AND release_year="2021"
ORDER BY title ASC;

-- 9. List the TV shows with more than 5 seasons
SELECT title, type, duration 
FROM netflix1
WHERE type="TV Show" AND duration > "5 Seasons";

-- 10. How many shows were added to Netflix in the year 2020?
SELECT COUNT(title) AS no_of_tv_show, date_added 
FROM netflix1
WHERE type="TV Show" AND date_added LIKE "%2020"
GROUP BY date_added;

