# Nifty Fifty Analysis

## Questions and Solutions

### 1. Highest Percentage Change:
- **Question:** What was the highest percentage change among the listed stocks?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=MAX(E2:E50)`

### 2. Stock with Highest Turnover in Crores:
- **Question:** Which stock had the highest turnover in terms of crores?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MAX(I2:I50), I2:I50, 0))`

### 3. Stock with Highest Intraday High:
- **Question:** Among the stocks listed, which one experienced the highest intraday high?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MAX(C2:C50), C2:C50, 0))`

### 4. Stock with Lowest 52-week Low:
- **Question:** Could you provide insights into the stock with the lowest 52-week low?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MIN(K2:K50), K2:K50, 0))`

### 5. Stock with Lowest Turnover in Crores:
- **Question:** Which stock had the lowest turnover in terms of crores?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MIN(I2:I50), I2:I50, 0))`

### 6. Stock with Largest Decrease in Value (Chng):
- **Question:** Can you identify the stock with the largest decrease in value (Chng) for the day?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MIN(F2:F50), F2:F50, 0))`

### 7. Stock with Smallest Intraday Range (High - Low):
- **Question:** Which stock experienced the smallest intraday range (High - Low)?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MIN(D2:D50-C2:C50), D2:D50-C2:C50, 0))`

### 8. Stock with Highest 365-day Percentage Change:
- **Question:** Could you provide details on the stock with the highest 365-day percentage change?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MAX(L2:L50), L2:L50, 0))`

### 9. Stock with Highest Volume in Lakhs:
- **Question:** Which stock had the highest volume in lakhs?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MAX(H2:H50), H2:H50, 0))`

### 10. Stock with Highest Intraday Low:
- **Question:** Can you identify the stock with the highest intraday low?
- **Solution (Google Sheets):** `=INDEX(A2:A50, MATCH(MAX(D2:D50), D2:D50, 0))`


